README.md, before:

# Frontend Mentor - Tip calculator app solution

This is a solution to the [Tip calculator app challenge on Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges/tip-calculator-app-ugJNGbJUX). Frontend Mentor challenges help you improve your coding skills by building realistic projects.

## Overview

### The challenge

Users should be able to:

-   View the optimal layout for the app depending on their device's screen size
-   See hover states for all interactive elements on the page
-   Calculate the correct tip and total cost of the bill per person

### Link

-   Solution URL: [https://www.frontendmentor.io/solutions/tip-calculator-progressive-web-app-built-with-vite-react-6FVJkekjFj](https://www.frontendmentor.io/solutions/tip-calculator-progressive-web-app-built-with-vite-react-6FVJkekjFj)
-   Live Site URL: [https://splittere.netlify.app/](https://splittere.netlify.app/)

## My process

### Built with

-   Semantic HTML5 markup
-   SCSS
-   Flexbox
-   CSS Grid
-   Mobile-first workflow
-   Vite + React

### Useful resource

-   [PWA Vite Plugin](https://vite-pwa-org.netlify.app/) - Used to turn the app into a progressive web app

## Author

-   Twitter - [@erlynascarate](https://twitter.com/erlynascarate)
-   Frontend Mentor - [@erlynascarate](https://www.frontendmentor.io/profile/erlynascarate)

Commit message:

Sort files and use react-hook-form to validate the form

README.md, after:

# Frontend Mentor - Tip calculator app solution

This is a solution to the [Tip calculator app challenge on Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges/tip-calculator-app-ugJNGbJUX). Frontend Mentor challenges help you improve your coding skills by building realistic projects.

## Overview

### The challenge

Users should be able to:

-   View the optimal layout for the app depending on their device's screen size
-   See hover states for all interactive elements on the page
-   Calculate the correct tip and total cost of the bill per person

### Link

-   Solution URL: [https://www.frontendmentor.io/solutions/tip-calculator-progressive-web-app-built-with-vite-react-6FVJkekjFj](https://www.frontendmentor.io/solutions/tip-calculator-progressive-web-app-built-with-vite-react-6FVJkekjFj)
-   Live Site URL: [https://splittere.netlify.app/](https://splittere.netlify.app/)

## My process

### Built with

-   Semantic HTML5 markup
-   SCSS
-   Flexbox
-   CSS Grid
-   Mobile-first workflow
-   Vite + React

### Useful resource

-   [PWA Vite Plugin](https://vite-pwa-org.netlify.app/) - Used to turn the app into a progressive web app
-   [React Hook Form](https://react-hook-form.com/) - Used to validate the form

## Author

-   Twitter - [@erlynascarate](https://twitter.com/erlynascarate)
-   Frontend Mentor - [@erlynascarate](https://www.frontendmentor.io/profile/erlynascarate)
